I am no longer the devil of my day
And you're still standing still.
What happened to the thousands of troops and thousands of barracks?
I work hard for you to heal
Take care of your heart
I worked a hundred times harder.
I've run out of lights
Destroy the tree
I can fight again
Success or failure depends on this
I said your time is over
It doesn't work for me anymore.
You're struggling like an ant
How can there be a half immortal?
I wasn't born strong
But there's blood in my bones that won't let me bow
Xianjun
No.
Even if you open the sky with one sword, what can you do?
I want to see you under this royal power
How to maintain peace in this world
Hahahaha
When Yin and Yang are in chaos
Stain the sky with my blood